---
title: Test of Markdown Features
author: Collin J. Doering
date: Jun 29, 2015
description: Testing how markdown is rendered
tags: general, markdown, test post
---

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

<!--more-->

# Test of various markdown features

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

It indicates a synchronic distortion in the areas emanating triolic waves. The cerebellum, the
cerebral cortex, the brain stem, the entire nervous system has been depleted of electrochemical
energy. Any device like that would produce high levels of triolic waves. See an inline image
here: ![GtkWave screenshot close up](/files/images/gtkwave-closeup.png) These walls have
undergone some kind of selective molecular polarization. I haven't determined if our phaser
energy can generate a stable field. We could alter the photons with phase discriminators.

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. We have begun power-supply calibration. Force fields
have been established on all turbo lifts and crawlways. Computer, run a level-two diagnostic on
warp-drive systems. Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive within normal parameters. I
read an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. The bomb had a molecular-decay
detonator. Detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies. Resistance is futile.

![[GtkWave][] displaying a simulation dump from *computer_tb* running
 *src/asm/Fib.hack*](/files/images/gtkwave.png)

Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. We have begun power-supply calibration. Force fields
have been established on all turbo lifts and crawlways. Computer, run a level-two diagnostic on
warp-drive systems. Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive within normal parameters. I
read an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. The bomb had a molecular-decay
detonator. Detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies. Resistance is futile.

## Tables

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

  Right     Left     Center     Default
-------     ------ ----------   -------
     12     12        12            12
    123     123       123          123
      1     1          1             1
     12     12        12            12
    123     123       123          123
      1     1          1             1
     12     12        12            12
    123     123       123          123
      1     1          1             1
     12     12        12            12
    123     123       123          123
      1     1          1             1

Table:  Demonstration of simple table syntax.

-------     ------ ----------   -------
     12     12        12             12
    123     123       123           123
      1     1          1              1
-------     ------ ----------   -------

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control, gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has increased by 3,000 percent.

### Multiline Tables

-------------------------------------------------------------
 Centered   Default           Right Left
  Header    Aligned         Aligned Aligned
----------- ------- --------------- -------------------------
   First    row                12.0 Example of a row that
                                    spans multiple lines.

  Second    row                 5.0 Here's another one. Note
                                    the blank line between
                                    rows.
-------------------------------------------------------------

Table: Here's the caption. It, too, may span
multiple lines.

### Grid Tables

: Sample grid table.

+---------------+---------------+--------------------+
| Fruit         | Price         | Advantages         |
+===============+===============+====================+
| Bananas       | $1.34         | - built-in wrapper |
|               |               | - bright color     |
+---------------+---------------+--------------------+
| Oranges       | $2.10         | - cures scurvy     |
|               |               | - tasty            |
+---------------+---------------+--------------------+

## Lists

### Bullet Lists

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

* One
* Two
* Three
* Four
* Five

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

### Ordered Lists

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

1. One
2. Two
3. Three
4. Four
5. Five

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

### Definition Lists

Term 1

:   Definition 1

Term 2 with *inline markup*

:   Definition 2

        some code, part of Definition 2

    Third paragraph of definition 2.

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

### Third  Level Heading

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

It indicates a synchronic distortion in the areas emanating triolic waves. The cerebellum, the
cerebral cortex, the brain stem, the entire nervous system has been depleted of electrochemical
energy. Any device like that would produce high levels of triolic waves. See an inline image
here: ![GtkWave screenshot close up](/files/images/gtkwave-closeup.png) These walls have
undergone some kind of selective molecular polarization. I haven't determined if our phaser
energy can generate a stable field. We could alter the photons with phase discriminators.

Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. We have begun power-supply calibration. Force fields
have been established on all turbo lifts and crawlways. Computer, run a level-two diagnostic on
warp-drive systems. Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive within normal parameters. I
read an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. The bomb had a molecular-decay
detonator. Detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies. Resistance is futile.

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

## Second Level Heading

It indicates a synchronic distortion in the areas emanating triolic waves. The cerebellum, the
cerebral cortex, the brain stem, the entire nervous system has been depleted of electrochemical
energy. Any device like that would produce high levels of triolic waves. See an inline image
here: ![GtkWave screenshot close up](/files/images/gtkwave-closeup.png) These walls have
undergone some kind of selective molecular polarization. I haven't determined if our phaser
energy can generate a stable field. We could alter the photons with phase discriminators.

Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. We have begun power-supply calibration. Force fields
have been established on all turbo lifts and crawlways. Computer, run a level-two diagnostic on
warp-drive systems. Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive within normal parameters. I
read an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. The bomb had a molecular-decay
detonator. Detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies. Resistance is futile.

## Some Math

For the introduction: Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. We have begun power-supply
calibration. Force fields have been established on all turbo lifts and crawlways. Computer, run
a level-two diagnostic on warp-drive systems. Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive
within normal parameters. I read an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. The
bomb had a molecular-decay detonator. Detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace
frequencies. Resistance is futile.

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

$e^x = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{x^n}{n!}$

Below should be some math if everything worked out alright

$a^2 + b^2 = c^2$

$v(t) = v_0 + \frac{1}{2}at^2$

$\gamma = \frac{1}{\sqrt{1 - v^2/c^2}}$  

$\exists x \forall y (Rxy \equiv Ryx)$

$p \wedge q \models p$

$\Box\diamond p\equiv\diamond p$

$\int_{0}^{1} x dx = \left[ \frac{1}{2}x^2 \right]_{0}^{1} = \frac{1}{2}$

$e^x = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{x^n}{n!} = \lim_{n\rightarrow\infty} (1+x/n)^n$

this is some subscripted~sub~ stuff^hello^.
~~this is struck out~~

$x=\frac{-b\pm\sqrt{b^2-4ac}}{2a}$

[GtkWave]: http://gtkwave.sourceforge.net/
