---
title: The RekahSoft website is nearing completion!
author: Collin J. Doering
date: 2013-10-29
description: An Article in more detail about general
updated: 2013-11-26
tags: general
---

[This](/) website is almost done. Well..the content and theming still need to be completed, but
for the most part things are complete.

Run a manual sweep of anomalous airborne or electromagnetic readings. Radiation levels in our
atmosphere have increased by 3,000 percent. Electromagnetic and subspace wave fronts
approaching synchronization. What is the strength of the ship's deflector shields at maximum
output? The wormhole's size and short period would make this a local phenomenon. Do you have
sufficient data to compile a holographic simulation?

<!--more-->

These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange
new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone
before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control,
gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in
your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has
increased by 3,000 percent.

I have reset the sensors to scan for frequencies outside the usual range. By emitting harmonic
vibrations to shatter the lattices. We will monitor and adjust the frequency of the resonators.
He has this ability of instantly interpreting and extrapolating any verbal communication he
hears. It may be due to the envelope over the structure, causing hydrogen-carbon helix patterns
throughout. I'm comparing the molecular integrity of that bubble against our phasers.

Sensors indicate no shuttle or other ships in this sector. According to coordinates, we have
travelled 7,000 light years and are located near the system J-25. Tractor beam released, sir.
Force field maintaining our hull integrity. Damage report? Sections 27, 28 and 29 on decks
four, five and six destroyed. Without our shields, at this range it is probable a photon
detonation could destroy the Enterprise.

Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. We have begun power-supply calibration. Force fields
have been established on all turbo lifts and crawlways. Computer, run a level-two diagnostic on
warp-drive systems. Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive within normal parameters. I
read an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. The bomb had a molecular-decay
detonator. Detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies.

Unidentified vessel travelling at sub warp speed, bearing 235.7. Fluctuations in energy
readings from it, Captain. All transporters off. A strange set-up, but I'd say the graviton
generator is depolarized. The dark colourings of the scrapes are the leavings of natural
rubber, a type of non-conductive sole used by researchers experimenting with electricity. The
molecules must have been partly de-phased by the anyon beam.

Now what are the possibilities of warp drive? Cmdr Riker's nervous system has been invaded by
an unknown microorganism. The organisms fuse to the nerve, intertwining at the molecular level.
That's why the transporter's biofilters couldn't extract it. The vertex waves show a K-complex
corresponding to an REM state. The engineering section's critical. Destruction is imminent.
Their robes contain ultritium, highly explosive, virtually undetectable by your transporter.

